The following open source projects are referenced by edgex-ui-go:

armon/go-metrics (MIT) https://github.com/armon/go-metrics
https://github.com/armon/go-metrics/blob/master/LICENSE

cenkalti/backoff (MIT) https://github.com/cenkalti/backoff
https://github.com/cenkalti/backoff/blob/master/LICENSE

edgexfoundry/go-mod-core-contracts (Apache 2.0) https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-core-contracts/v3
https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-core-contracts/blob/master/LICENSE

edgexfoundry/go-mod-registry (Apache 2.0) https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-registry/v3
https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-registry/blob/master/LICENSE

edgexfoundry/go-mod-secrets (Apache 2.0) https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-configuration/v3
https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-configuration/blob/master/LICENSE

edgexfoundry/go-mod-secrets (Apache 2.0) https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-bootstrap/v3
https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-bootstrap/blob/master/LICENSE

edgexfoundry/go-mod-messaging (Apache 2.0) https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-messaging/v3
https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-messaging/blob/master/LICENSE

edgexfoundry/go-mod-secrets (Apache 2.0) https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-secrets/v3
https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-secrets/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/Microsoft/go-winio (MIT) https://github.com/Microsoft/go-winio
https://github.com/microsoft/go-winio/blob/master/LICENSE

google/uuid (BSD-3) https://github.com/google/uuid
https://github.com/google/uuid/blob/master/LICENSE

hashicorp/consul/api (Mozilla Public License 2.0) - https://github.com/hashicorp/consul/api
https://github.com/hashicorp/consul/blob/master/LICENSE

hashicorp/go-cleanhttp (Mozilla Public License 2.0) - https://github.com/hashicorp/go-cleanhttp
https://github.com/hashicorp/go-cleanhttp/blob/master/LICENSE

hashicorp/go-immutable-radix (Mozilla Public License 2.0) https://github.com/hashicorp/go-immutable-radix
https://github.com/hashicorp/go-immutable-radix/blob/master/LICENSE

hashicorp/go-rootcerts (Mozilla Public License 2.0) https://github.com/hashicorp/go-rootcerts
https://github.com/hashicorp/go-rootcerts/blob/master/LICENSE

hashicorp/golang-lru (Mozilla Public License 2.0) https://github.com/hashicorp/golang-lru
https://github.com/hashicorp/golang-lru/blob/master/LICENSE

hashicorp/serf (Mozilla Public License 2.0) https://github.com/hashicorp/serf
https://github.com/hashicorp/serf/blob/master/LICENSE

hashicorp/go-msgpack (BSD-3) https://github.com/hashicorp/go-msgpack
https://github.com/hashicorp/go-msgpack/blob/master/LICENSE

hashicorp/go-sockaddr (Mozilla Public License 2.0) https://github.com/hashicorp/go-sockaddr
https://github.com/hashicorp/go-sockaddr/blob/master/LICENSE

mitchellh/consulstructure (MIT) https://github.com/mitchellh/consulstructure
https://github.com/mitchellh/consulstructure/blob/master/LICENSE

mitchellh/mapstructure (MIT) https://github.com/mitchellh/mapstructure
https://github.com/mitchellh/mapstructure/blob/master/LICENSE

mitchellh/copystructure (MIT) https://github.com/mitchellh/copystructure
https://github.com/mitchellh/copystructure/blob/master/LICENSE

mitchellh/reflectwalk (MIT) https://github.com/mitchellh/reflectwalk
https://github.com/mitchellh/reflectwalk/blob/master/LICENSE

mitchellh/go-homedir (MIT) https://github.com/mitchellh/go-homedir
https://github.com/mitchellh/go-homedir/blob/master/LICENSE

pelletier/go-toml (MIT) https://github.com/pelletier/go-toml
https://github.com/pelletier/go-toml/blob/master/LICENSE

fxamacker/cbor/v2 (MIT) https://github.com/fxamacker/cbor/v2
https://github.com/fxamacker/cbor/blob/master/LICENSE

x448/float16 (MIT) https://github.com/x448/float16
https://github.com/x448/float16/blob/master/LICENSE

golang.org/x/crypto (Unspecified) https://github.com/golang/crypto
https://github.com/golang/crypto/blob/master/LICENSE

golang.org/x/text (Unspecified) https://github.com/golang/text
https://github.com/golang/text/blob/master/LICENSE

go-playground/locales (MIT) https://github.com/go-playground/locales
https://github.com/go-playground/locales/blob/master/LICENSE

go-playground/universal-translator (MIT) https://github.com/go-playground/universal-translator
https://github.com/go-playground/universal-translator/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/go-playground/validator/v10 (MIT) https://github.com/go-playground/validator
https://github.com/go-playground/validator/blob/master/LICENSE

leodido/go-urn (MIT) https://github.com/leodido/go-urn
https://github.com/leodido/go-urn

gopkg.in/yaml.v2 (Apache 2.0) https://github.com/go-yaml/yaml/
https://github.com/go-yaml/yaml/blob/v2.2.2/LICENSE

github.com/fatih/color (MIT) https://github.com/fatih/color
https://github.com/fatih/color/blob/master/LICENSE.md

github.com/hashicorp/go-hclog (MIT) https://github.com/hashicorp/go-hclog
https://github.com/hashicorp/go-hclog/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/mattn/go-colorable (MIT) https://github.com/mattn/go-colorable
https://github.com/mattn/go-colorable/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/mattn/go-isatty (MIT) https://github.com/mattn/go-isatty
https://github.com/mattn/go-isatty/blob/master/LICENSE

golang.org/x/sys (Unspecified) https://github.com/golang/sys
https://github.com/golang/sys/blob/master/LICENSE

gopkg.in/mgo.v2 (Unspecified) https://github.com/go-mgo/mgo
https://github.com/go-mgo/mgo/blob/v2/LICENSE

gopkg.in/yaml.v3 (MIT) https://github.com/go-yaml/yaml/
https://github.com/go-yaml/yaml/blob/v3/LICENSE

google.golang.org/protobuf (Unspecified) https://github.com/protocolbuffers/protobuf-go
https://github.com/protocolbuffers/protobuf-go/blob/master/LICENSE

google.golang.org/grpc (Apache-2.0) https://github.com/grpc/grpc-go
https://github.com/grpc/grpc-go/blob/master/LICENSE

google.golang.org/genproto (Apache-2.0) https://github.com/googleapis/go-genproto
https://github.com/googleapis/go-genproto/blob/main/LICENSE

golang.org/x/mod (BSD-3) https://github.com/golang/mod
https://github.com/golang/mod/blob/master/LICENSE

golang.org/x/tools (BSD-3) https://github.com/golang/tools
https://github.com/golang/tools/blob/master/LICENSE

golang.org/x/net (Unspecified) https://github.com/golang/net
https://github.com/golang/net/blob/master/LICENSE

golang.org/x/sync (Unspecified) https://cs.opensource.google/go/x/sync
https://cs.opensource.google/go/x/sync/+/master:LICENSE

github.com/zeebo/errs (MIT) https://github.com/zeebo/errs
https://github.com/zeebo/errs/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/spiffe/go-spiffe/v2 (Apache-2.0 License) github.com/spiffe/go-spiffe/v2
https://github.com/spiffe/go-spiffe/blob/main/LICENSE

rcrowley/go-metrics (Unspecified) https://github.com/rcrowley/go-metrics
https://github.com/rcrowley/go-metrics/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/nats-io/nats.go (Apache-2.0) https://github.com/nats-io/nats.go
https://github.com/nats-io/nats.go/blob/main/LICENSE

github.com/nats-io/nkeys (Apache-2.0) https://github.com/nats-io/nkeys
https://github.com/nats-io/nkeys/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/nats-io/nuid (Apache-2.0) https://github.com/nats-io/nuid
https://github.com/nats-io/nuid/blob/master/LICENSE

hashicorp/errwrap (Mozilla Public License 2.0) https://github.com/hashicorp/errwrap
https://github.com/hashicorp/errwrap/blob/master/LICENSE

hashicorp/go-multierror (Mozilla Public License 2.0) https://github.com/hashicorp/go-multierror
https://github.com/hashicorp/go-multierror/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/golang/protobuf (BSD-3) https://github.com/golang/protobuf
https://github.com/golang/protobuf/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/go-redis/redis/v7 (BSD-2) https://github.com/go-redis/redis
https://github.com/go-redis/redis/blob/master/LICENSE

go-logfmt/logfmt (MIT) https://github.com/go-logfmt/logfmt
https://github.com/go-logfmt/logfmt/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/go-kit/log (MIT) https://github.com/go-kit/log
https://github.com/go-kit/log/blob/master/LICENSE

eclipse/paho.mqtt.golang (Eclipse Public License 2.0) https://github.com/eclipse/paho.mqtt.golang
https://github.com/eclipse/paho.mqtt.golang/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/go-jose/go-jose/v3 (Apache-2.0) https://github.com/go-jose/go-jose
https://github.com/go-jose/go-jose/blob/v3/LICENSE

github.com/klauspost/compress (Apache-2.0) https://github.com/klauspost/compress
https://github.com/klauspost/compress/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/gabriel-vasile/mimetype (MIT) https://github.com/gabriel-vasile/mimetype
https://github.com/gabriel-vasile/mimetype/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/labstack/echo/v4 (MIT) https://github.com/labstack/echo
https://github.com/labstack/echo/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/labstack/gommon (MIT) https://github.com/labstack/gommon
https://github.com/labstack/gommon/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/valyala/fasttemplate (MIT) https://github.com/valyala/fasttemplate
https://github.com/valyala/fasttemplate/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/valyala/bytebufferpool (MIT) https://github.com/valyala/bytebufferpool
https://github.com/valyala/bytebufferpool/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/golang-jwt/jwt/v4 (MIT) github.com/golang-jwt/jwt
https://github.com/golang-jwt/jwt/blob/main/LICENSE

golang.org/x/exp (BSD-3) https://github.com/golang/tools
https://github.com/golang/tools/blob/master/LICENSE

golang.org/x/time (Unspecified) https://github.com/golang/time
https://github.com/golang/text/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/gorilla/websocket (BSD-2) https://github.com/gorilla/websocket
https://github.com/gorilla/websocket/blob/master/LICENSE
